QS- Public Cloud - edit round 3 (#178)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/quickstart-public-cloud/pages/setup.adoc

This allows you to access the {productname} {webui}.

In EC2 and Azure, create a new security group, and add inbound and outbound rules for HTTPS.
In GCE, check the ``Allow HTTPS traffic`` box under the ``Firewall`` section.

[WARNING]
====
When running {productname} on public clouds, make sure you apply security measures to limit access to the right people.
A world-accessible {productname} would give access to your infrastructure to anyone, and could breach your {suse} support agreement.
====

For storage settings, make sure you have at least 100GB.

> We also recommend that the repositories and the database for {productname} are stored on a separate storage volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also recommend that the repositories and the database for {productname} are stored on separate storage volumes.
```
Elsewhere you use plural.  And "devices" instead of "volumes".
